docs: update cloud proxy service architecture language (#25697)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/choose-an-edition/teleport-cloud/architecture.mdx

The Teleport [auth service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/authentication/) is deployed within the AWS us-west-2 region in 4 availability zones, and can tolerate a single zone failure. AWS guarantees [99.99%](https://aws.amazon.com/compute/sla/) of monthly uptime.

### Proxies

> The Teleport [proxy service](https://goteleport.com/docs/architecture/proxy/) is deployed to multiple AWS regions around the world for low-latency access to distributed infrastructure. A future update will expand the regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport [Proxy Service](../../architecture/proxy.mdx) is deployed to multiple AWS regions around the world for low-latency access to distributed infrastructure.
```
